# Celebrities: What makes them Credible?
The capstone project is a continuation of a research project that includes contributions from students in PSYC 310R, Research Methods in Social Psychology.  In this study, we were interested in what makes advertisements persuasive, in particular, what aspects of the communicator are important. This study was based on the match-up hypothesis, which suggests that models are more effective when they are relevant for the endorsed product compared to when they are less relevant for the product. More specifically, we were focusing on how a celebrity’s expertise may play a role in the effectiveness of the advertisement for the product. Participants were shown 5 adds. Two of these ads had a celebrity in them. The other three adds did not have a celebrity where they served as filler ads. We were only interested in participant’s responses to the celebrity ads. In my continuation of the research project, I wanted to explore what factors make a celebrity a credible communicator. My response of interest is the celebrity’s credibility. I will be using the following predictors in my analysis: Gender, Relevancy, Gen, Pers, Attn, Fav, and Exp, to identify what components make an ad effective and deem the communicator of the ad as credible. My continuation of the project includes regression models and diagrams to demonstrate my findings. The data was collected from a population of Wellesley College students where they performed their task via a survey on Qualtrics. 
